Responsibilities
As a Principal AI Software Developer you will be responsible for building and optimizing large-scale AI systems, ensuring scalability, reliability, and performance. The candidate should be able to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to drive the development and deployment of AI solutions. If you have a passion for building cutting-edge AI applications and are looking for a challenging role, we encourage you to apply. Strong problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and excellent communication skills are essential for this role.
Design and implement scalable orchestration for serving and training AI/ML models
Explore and incorporate contemporary research on AI, agents, and inference systems into the software stack for designing, monitoring, troubleshooting and deploying networks.
Evaluate, Integrate, and Optimize technologies across the stack, for latency, throughput, and resource utilization for training and inference workloads. 
Lead initiatives in AI systems design, including Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) and LLM fine-tuning. 
Design and develop scalable services and tools to support GPU-accelerated AI pipelines, Python/Go, and observability frameworks.
Required/Preferred experience:
            •           Strong Python and ML frameworks (PyTorch, TensorFlow)
            •           LLMs, embeddings, vector search, RAG pipelines, and fine-tuning
            •           Data engineering: Spark, Kafka, Flink, OCI Streaming/Data Flow
            •           Distributed systems and large-scale training/inference
            •           Handling network telemetry (NetFlow, packet captures, streaming telemetry)
            •           Network automation frameworks (Terraform, Ansible, NAPALM, Batfish is a plus)
            •           Containerization, model serving, GPU workflows, CI/CD, and MLOps tools
            •           Writing design docs, scoping features, and owning delivery end-to-end
Required Education and Work Experience:
BSEE, BSCS, BSCE, or equivalent. MSEE, MSCS, or MSCE is a plus
At least 7+ years of experience building software systems and built AI applications training models. 
Qualifications
Disclaimer:
Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply with applicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.
Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to the stated locations only
US: Hiring Range in USD from: $96,800 to $223,400 per annum. May be eligible for bonus and equity.
Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, as well as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.
Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors as well as internal peer equity.
Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following:
1. Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion
2. Short term disability and long term disability
3. Life insurance and AD&D
4. Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child)
5. Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts
6. Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits
7. 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match
8. Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation.
9. 11 paid holidays
10. Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours.
11. Paid parental leave
12. Adoption assistance
13. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
14. Financial planning and group legal
15. Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance
The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar days from the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.
Career Level - IC4
Only Oracle brings together the data, infrastructure, applications, and expertise to power everything from industry innovations to life-saving care. And with AI embedded across our products and services, we help customers turn that promise into a better future for all. Discover your potential at a company leading the way in AI and cloud solutions that impact billions of lives.
True innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute. That’s why we’re committed to growing a workforce that promotes opportunities for all with competitive benefits that support our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.
We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by emailing accommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling 1-888-404-2494 in the United States.
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.
Request a referral from an Oracle employee.
If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by emailing accommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the U.S.
Oracle’s U.S. affirmative action plan for people with disabilities and military veterans is available by contacting +1 888 404 2494.
Need Help? Contact us and include a detailed description of the issue.
Oracle's Pre-employment Screening Process Oracle's Equal Employment Opportunity and Pay Transparency
© 2026 Oracle Privacy / Do Not Sell My Info Ad Choices Careers Policy
AMERICAN ENGLISH
I AM AN EMPLOYEE
Page Principal AI Software Developer - Oracle Careers loaded