What You Can Expect In This Role Responsible for contributing to and scaling advanced analytics within the Life Business Unit. Applies strong, developing-to-advanced skills in machine learning, statistical analysis, and data-driven decision making—along with emerging Generative AI capabilities—to design, prototype, and implement analytics solutions and decision-support tools. Works collaboratively with business and technology partners to deliver measurable outcomes, following established engineering, governance, and risk management standards. What You'll Do In This Role • Apply statistics, machine learning, programming, and data modeling to identify patterns, generate hypotheses, and develop prototypes that improve business outcomes. • Produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets. • Design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and algorithms to extract value from structured enterprise data. • Identify, frame, and prototype Generative AI use cases that improve business outcomes (e.g., summarization, extraction, classification, enterprise Q&A, decision-support assistants) using approved enterprise tools and data sources. • Create and present materials that translate complex data analysis into easy-to understand stories with persuasive recommendations for all levels of management. • Support experimentation and measurement: analyze and interpret results from tests/experiments; communicate findings and recommendations to product, service, and business stakeholders. • Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data. • Collaborate with both business and IT subject matter experts (SMEs) to implement and support solutions. • Provide thought leadership by researching best practices, conducting experiments, and demonstrating/articulating value proposition for the use of advanced analytics. • Write production-quality code and documentation that is clear, testable, and maintainable. • Participate in transformation, analytics, and customer journey initiatives as needed as part of the Life Operating Model. • Commitment to embrace Sammons Financial Group Companies shared values (Accountability, Connection, Openness, Respect and Integrity). • As stated within the Company Attendance and Punctuality policy, regular attendance is required and expected in order to meet the business service levels and workflow demands. • Participate in other initiatives and/or projects as necessary. What We're Looking For Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or related technical discipline Required Master's Degree or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or related technical discipline Preferred Minimum 5 years' statistical or data science experience Required Experience working with large data sets, simulation/optimization, and distributed computing tools strongly preferred Experience with common data visualization tools such as PowerBI or Tableau strongly preferred Experience applying machine learning/statistics to business problems (modeling, measurement, and communicating results) Required Experience in insurance and financial services, specifically life insurance and annuities strongly preferred Experience with Hadoop, Azure, Snowflake or similar Preferred Experience with initiatives such as life insurance underwriting, annuity suitability, sales modeling, fraud detection or claims Preferred Hands-on experience building proofs of concept or production quality features using LLMs (via approved APIs/platforms) Preferred Proficiency with R, Python, SAS and/or background in programming required Deep knowledge of machine learning statistics, optimization or related field required Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to work with business leaders at all levels Ability to independently research, analyze and resolve problem situations using good judgment and sound decision making Strong interpersonal skills with ability to influence without authority, ability to adapt to change and ability to think creatively to accomplish results Ability to create and deliver presentations and demonstrations to executives Demonstrated track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs and delivering results in a dynamic environment Strong initiative, self-motivation and ability to work independently Ability to handle multiple projects at one time and effectively work under deadline pressures Other Requirements • Criminal background check required. What you can expect when you join Sammons Financial Group • Sammons Financial Group offers a competitive benefit package that includes: Health, Dental, Vision, Company Paid Retirement, PTO and Holiday Pay. • Our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) is a 100% company-funded retirement plan, so you can save for retirement without contributing a penny of your own paycheck. • Healthy balance between work and personal lives. Friday afternoons off all year long, competitive PTO, and generous number of paid holidays. • Our incentive program for defined goals subject to eligibility and performance. Monetary rewards are based on individual and/or overall company performance. • Colleagues who support one another, model our core values, and drive our healthy, high-performing culture. Salary Range Information USD $76,158.00 - USD $158,663.00 /Yr. Range includes data points from multiple labor markets. Specific range is dependent on the labor market where the incumbent will be hired to perform the position. Starting salary is dependent on candidate qualifications and experience. For a narrower salary range specific to your labor market, please inquire. Work Authorization/Sponsorship At this time, we’re not considering candidates that need any type of immigration sponsorship now or in the future or those needing work authorization for this role (This includes, but is not limited to students on F1-OPT, F1-CPT, J-1, etc.)