Senior Software Engineer page is loaded Senior Software Engineer Apply remote type Hybrid locations Remote US DC time type Full time posted on Posted 16 Days Ago job requisition id R-053310 The Data Development, Insights & Strategy team is a highly focused effort to use the combination of our product fleet data, our business and sales data to provide strategic insight and act on the ‘moments that matter’ in near real time to both drive meaningful customer interactions, product evolution, modernize/drive our business systems and identifying opportunities to maximize our understanding and execution of product & business models which in turn maximize our ability to successfully capture our market opportunity. We are seeking a technically minded, detail oriented and creative Senior Data Scientist focused on natural language processing, machine learning & data analytics to join our team. The ideal candidate will be passionate about creating and developing applications, particularly within the language sector, and have excellent analytical and machine learning knowledge. The focus of the role will be to transform natural language data and requests into creative and interactive features part of our finance & operations business. If you want to build Next generation AI/ML applications, if you have rock-solid development skills, if you thrive in a start-up like environment, if you think outside of the box and love working in a team with similar minded engineers, if you are creative and want to help solve real world customer problems and love presenting innovative solutions, if you believe in community and OpenSource development culture then we are the TEAM for you. In this role, you will be the voice of Red Hat's technical authority, creating and delivering features/ capabilities that helps Red Hat’s data community and in turn our customers achieve their business and technical goals with Red Hat products effectively. You will work collaboratively with members of DDIS, finance, operations, sales, marketing, and product to construct fit for purpose analytical solutions that will be leveraged by business teams to drive proactive customer engagement. The successful candidate will have a track record of strong technical skills, drive to be innovative & creative, excellent communication and collaboration skills, a keen attention to detail, and a passion for quality and open source software. If you enjoy broadening your technical skills, and working in an environment that thrives on creativity, experimentation, and community innovation, then this is the job for you! What you will do: Collaborate with a small, agile team to research and implement effective NLP algorithms and tools. Contribute to the design, development, and delivery of NLP applications from concept to production. Analyze data science prototypes and ensure they meet business requirements. Ensure the successful training and evaluation of NLP models, refining them based on statistical analysis. Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including finance, operations, sales, and marketing, to understand and meet business needs. What you will bring: 5+ years of professional experience in NLP using Python, with knowledge of Spacy and Hugging Face. Strong understanding of NLP techniques and experience in Generative AI application development. Familiarity with machine learning frameworks, including TensorFlow, Keras, and PyTorch. Experience in developing scalable backend microservices in AWS. Ability to translate complex data findings into actionable business insights. Comfortable working with a small team in a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment Experience with GenAI application development - LLMs, Embedding models, Vector Databases Keep up to date in the rapidly changing field of AI/ML by constantly researching and learning new techniques and information related to NLP. Bachelor’s degree or above in Computer Science, Math, Computational Linguistics, or other related fields. Demonstrated experience as an NLP, or experience in a similar role/industry Experience developing highly scalable backend microservices in AWS Communicate and influence for impact by bringing data to life via clear narratives and/or storytelling Communication skills and experience in interacting with cross functional business and engineering teams Capability in undertaking business needs analysis in direct consultation. Be a self-starter, displaying initiative in seeing needs, building functionality and leading insights for organizational change. Capability to develop a detailed understanding of our business requirements. Excellent communication, presentation, and writing skills The salary range for this position is $127,860.00 - $211,080.00. Actual offer will be based on your qualifications. Pay Transparency Red Hat determines compensation based on several factors including but not limited to job location, experience, applicable skills and training, external market value, and internal pay equity. Annual salary is one component of Red Hat’s compensation package. This position may also be eligible for bonus, commission, and/or equity. For positions with Remote-US locations, the actual salary range for the position may differ based on location but will be commensurate with job duties and relevant work experience. About Red Hat Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source software solutions, using a community-powered approach to deliver high-performing Linux, cloud, container, and Kubernetes technologies. Spread across 40+ countries, our associates work flexibly across work environments, from in-office, to office-flex, to fully remote, depending on the requirements of their role. Red Hatters are encouraged to bring their best ideas, no matter their title or tenure. We're a leader in open source because of our open and inclusive environment. We hire creative, passionate people ready to contribute their ideas, help solve complex problems, and make an impact. Benefits ● Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage ● Flexible Spending Account - healthcare and dependent care ● Health Savings Account - high deductible medical plan ● Retirement 401(k) with employer match ● Paid time off and holidays ● Paid parental leave plans for all new parents ● Leave benefits including disability, paid family medical leave, and paid military leave ● Additional benefits including employee stock purchase plan, family planning reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, transportation expense account, employee assistance program, and more! Note: These benefits are only applicable to full time, permanent associates at Red Hat located in the United States. Inclusion at Red Hat Red Hat’s culture is built on the open source principles of transparency, collaboration, and inclusion, where the best ideas can come from anywhere and anyone. When this is realized, it empowers people from different backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences to come together to share ideas, challenge the status quo, and drive innovation. Our aspiration is that everyone experiences this culture with equal opportunity and access, and that all voices are not only heard but also celebrated. We hope you will join our celebration, and we welcome and encourage applicants from all the beautiful dimensions that compose our global village. Equal Opportunity Policy (EEO) Red Hat is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We review applications for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, veteran status, genetic information, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Red Hat does not seek or accept unsolicited resumes or CVs from recruitment agencies. We are not responsible for, and will not pay, any fees, commissions, or any other payment related to unsolicited resumes or CVs except as required in a written contract between Red Hat and the recruitment agency or party requesting payment of a fee. Red Hat supports individuals with disabilities and provides reasonable accommodations to job applicants. If you need assistance completing our online job application, email application-assistance@redhat.com. General inquiries, such as those regarding the status of a job application, will not receive a reply. About Red Hat We’re the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source solutions—including Linux, cloud, container, and Kubernetes. We deliver hardened solutions that make it easier for enterprises to work across platforms and environments, from the core datacenter to the network edge. Read Less Open unlocks the world’s potential At Red Hat, our commitment to open source extends beyond technology into virtually everything we do. We collaborate and share ideas, create inclusive communities, and welcome diverse perspectives from all Red Hatters, no matter their role. It’s what makes us who we are. Some of the most knowledgeable and passionate people in the technology industry work here. Whether we’re building software, championing our products, or training new associates, we’re collaborating openly to make a difference in the world of open source and beyond. Read More