San Francisco (hybrid), Remote-US Full time Hybrid Data Science Estimate Salary $194,790 – $301,503 • Offers Equity The salary range provided reflects the compensation that EvenUp reasonably expects to offer for this role. The specific salary within this range will be determined based on various factors, including the candidate's relevant experience, education, skills, location, and alignment with the role's responsibilities. EvenUp is on a mission to close the justice gap using technology and AI. We empower personal injury lawyers and victims to get the justice they deserve. Our products enable law firms to secure faster settlements, higher payouts, and better outcomes for victims injured through no fault of their own in vehicle collisions, accidents, natural disasters, and more. We are one of the fastest-growing vertical SaaS companies in history, and we are just getting started. EvenUp is backed by top VCs, including Bessemer Venture Partners, Bain Capital Ventures, SignalFire, and Lightspeed. We are looking to expand our team with talented, driven, and collaborative individuals who seek to have a lasting impact. Learn more at www.evenuplaw.com. The Role We are seeking a Senior Manager of Machine Learning to help build and scale a core ML function at EvenUp. This role will report to the Director of Machine Learning (or Head of Data Science) and will play a key leadership role in delivering applied machine learning systems across several high-impact, GenAI-heavy product areas, including Document Generation, Agentic Systems (including Voice Agents, etc.), and Data and Knowledge Management. You will be responsible for leading a team of ML engineers and scientists, translating product needs into robust ML solutions, and ensuring models and systems are production-ready, scalable, and impactful. This is a hands-on leadership role ideal for someone who enjoys building teams, shipping ML-powered products, and operating at the intersection of strategy and execution. Hybrid: We'd like you to come into one of our hubs at least three days a week. That said, if you're located somewhere else, we're open to discussing a fully remote setup. What You’ll Do Lead, mentor, and grow a team of Machine Learning engineers and scientists Drive execution of ML initiatives across Document Generation, Voice Agents, and Knowledge Base systems Partner closely with Product and Engineering to define scope, priorities, and delivery plans Design, build, and deploy production-grade ML and GenAI systems using LLMs and modern ML tooling Establish and reinforce best practices for model development, evaluation, deployment, and iteration Balance short-term delivery with long-term technical quality and scalability What We Look For Experience managing and developing ML or data science teams in a fast-paced environment Deep technical expertise in machine learning, NLP, generative AI, and LLMs Knowledge and experience in fine-tuning and post-training LLMs, reinforcement learning, etc. Ability to translate ambiguous product problems into well-scoped ML solutions Proven track record of shipping ML-powered features into production Strong cross-functional collaboration and communication skills A builder mindset with a desire to grow teams, systems, and technical ownership over time Notice to Candidates: EvenUp has been made aware of fraudulent job postings and unaffiliated third parties posing as our recruiting team – please know that we have no affiliation or connection to these situations. We only post open roles on our career page (evenuplaw.com/careers) or reputable job boards like our official LinkedIn or Indeed pages, and all official EvenUp recruitment emails will come from the domains @evenuplaw.com, @evenup.ai, @ext-evenuplaw.com, no-reply@ashbyhq.com or no‑reply@canditech.io email addresses. To ensure fairness and proper consideration, we do not accept resumes or expressions of interest via email or social media messages. If you’re interested in a role, please submit your application directly through our careers page. If you receive communication from someone you believe is impersonating EvenUp, please report it to us at talent-ops-team@evenuplaw.com. Examples of fraudulent domains include “careers-evenuplaw.com” and “careers-evenuplaws.com”. Benefits & Perks: As part of our total rewards package, we offer attractive benefits and perks to our employees, including: Choice of medical, dental, and vision insurance plans for you and your family Additional insurance coverage options for life, accident, or critical illness Flexible paid time off, sick leave, short-term and long-term disability 10 US observed holidays, and Canadian statutory holidays by province A home office stipend 401(k) for US-based employees and RRSP for Canada-based employees Paid parental leave A local in-person meet-up program Hubs in San Francisco and Toronto Please note the above benefits & perks are for full-time employees EvenUp is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to diversity and inclusion in our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply for this Job