How we interview: Our hiring process prioritizes authenticity and fairness, and we ask all candidates to adhere to a few key expectations. Acceptable use of AI may differ depending on the role, so we encourage you to confirm with your recruiter what is or isn’t permitted during the process. Recording any part of the interview without consent is prohibited. However, if you need recording as an accommodation, please notify your recruiter before your scheduled interview. During virtual interviews, keep your video on to foster meaningful engagement; if you require accommodations, please inform our team in advance. Lastly, maintain confidentiality by refraining from sharing any proprietary or trade secret information from previous employers or other sources throughout the interview process. *
Please select
With your permission, we may use AI transcription software to transcribe and summarize your interview to help us capture accurate notes. Participation is entirely voluntary, and your decision will not affect the outcome of your application. You can withdraw consent at any time. Do you consent to us using AI to transcribe and summarize your interview? *
More information about this optional processing is provided in our Applicant Privacy Notice.
US Demographic Questions
Equal Employment Opportunity Information (Completing this form is strictly voluntary with a “I do not wish to answer” selection option and will not have any impact on your consideration for employment at Block.)
As a company, we celebrate and embrace diversity. We encourage you to voluntarily provide demographic information so we can learn more about our hiring pipeline and invest in efforts to build a workforce as diverse as   the customers and communities we serve. Feel free to check out our Life At Square page to learn more about our inclusion and diversity initiatives.
Gender (Select one) *
  Non-Binary
  I prefer to self-describe
  I don't wish to answer
How would you describe your racial/ethnic background? (mark all that apply) *
  Black or of African descent
  East Asian
  Hispanic, Latinx or of Spanish Origin
  Indigenous, American Indian or Alaska Native
  Middle Eastern or North African Native
  Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
  South Asian
  Southeast Asian
  White or European
  I prefer to self-describe
  I don't wish to answer
Are you a veteran or active member of the United States Armed Forces? (Select one) *
  I am a veteran or active member
  No, I am not a veteran or active member
  I prefer to self-describe
  I don't wish to answer
By checking this box, I consent to Block collecting, storing, and processing my responses to the demographic data surveys above. *