Machine Learning Engineer (Remote) page is loaded Machine Learning Engineer (Remote) Apply Machine Learning Engineer (Remote) Apply locations Remote - United States time type Full time posted on Posted 22 Days Ago job requisition id REQ-4736 Join Triumph! At Triumph, our vision is a world where freight transactions are accurate and seamless on the most modern and secure freight transaction network. That’s why we’re looking for passionate, innovative, solutions-oriented people to join our team. We thrive on providing exceptional customer service and we look for team members with an entrepreneurial spirit and a passion to build successful partnerships with our clients. Because at the end of the day our goal is to help our partners businesses run better. At Triumph, our vision is a world where freight transactions are accurate and seamless on the most modern and secure freight transaction network. That’s why we’re looking for passionate, innovative, solutions-oriented people to join our team. We thrive on providing exceptional customer service and we look for team members with an entrepreneurial spirit and a passion to build successful partnerships with our clients. Because at the end of the day our goal is to help our partners businesses run better. At TriumphPay we are building the transportation payments network for the future. Our software touches a combined $37.1B in annualized freight volume, representing over 20% of the brokered freight market in the U.S. TriumphPay’s customers are using our products to solve real world problems. This is both exciting and also an incredible responsibility. We are looking for experienced ML engineers to join our team of 35+ engineers. If you join TriumphPay, you will work closely in a small, cross-functional team of 3-4 people focused on our AI/ML systems. Our teams operate with a high degree of autonomy, allowing you to take ownership of projects from ideation to deployment. You’ll collaborate closely with product managers and other stakeholders to understand customer pain points and deliver impactful solutions that support critical features. Our engineering team is fully remote and believes strongly in work-life balance. A Day In The Life: There’s no defined template that teams at TriumphPay follow, allowing each team to build the day that lets them perform at their best. Typically, a team has a morning standup allowing them to catchup on what happened yesterday, and ensure there’s a plan in place for the day ahead. You’ll work with our product group and members of the sales team to ensure we’re building the tools our customers need to succeed. The Tech: The AI/ML team works primarily in a mixture of Python and Clojure for ML experimentation, data processing, and deployments, with Ruby and other languages used for integrating models into customer-facing applications. Python and Ruby make up the majority of our work, with Clojure being third. Occasionally, the AI/ML team handles integration work in Ruby or other languages directly when it enables faster delivery of value, though this work may also be handed off to feature development teams. We use PySpark for most of our data processing, AWS SageMaker Studio for model development and validation, and PyTorch + HuggingFace for deep learning work. Model inference runs on a mix of FastAPI and Clojure applications, depending on the model type. Our ML systems process more than 1 million documents per day through hundreds of models requiring robust pipelines to handle noisy, unstructured data with high precision at scale. You'll work on building, deploying, and integrating models that can generalize across diverse document formats and adapt to evolving customer needs. Our models must operate within strict latency requirements to ensure seamless customer experiences, while maintaining high performance in extracting and classifying data from complex, unstructured documents. We are constantly exploring new techniques in deep learning, transfer learning, and model optimization to improve the accuracy and efficiency of our systems. We know that good engineers can pick up new tools and languages on the job and we don't expect candidates to be familiar with all of these technologies. We love curious individuals who believe they can always improve, and we know that good developers are capable of picking up new languages and tools. Engineers are provided a top of the line MacBook to do their work, and you’ll have access to all the necessary tooling to do the non-coding parts of your job (Zoom, Slack, etc.). To succeed in this role, you should be: - Curious. You aren't content with the status quo and know that we can always improve. - Data Driven. You seek evidence to support hypotheses and identify optimal solutions within problem constraints accounting for sources of error and uncertainty. - Collaborative. You can work with others to improve a solution iteratively factoring in new information from outside perspectives. - Empathetic. Your designs are influenced by a deep understanding of the customers' needs. - A strong communicator. You will proactively communicate issues and trade-offs with team members to support alignment and fast decision making. - Be an outstanding developer. Your peers should recognize you as one of the best and the brightest developers they have worked with. Bonus points for: - Leading an engineering team or running a consulting company. - Experience with end-to-end model development, validation, deployment, and integration - Previous Logistics experience. #LI-JC1 Compensation Range Annual Salary: $151,038.00 - $234,109.00 ***Location: Dallas, TX or Remote U.S. excluding the following states: AK, DE, ID, ND, RI, VT, WY *** We offer Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, 401k and much more. Go on. Do it. Apply Today! Similar Jobs (2) Machine Learning Engineer (MLE) - Open to Remote locations Remote - United States time type Full time posted on Posted 30+ Days Ago Senior Software Engineer - Ruby or C# (Remote) locations Remote - United States time type Full time posted on Posted 14 Days Ago About Us OUR BUSINESS Triumph is a financial and technology company focused on payments, factoring, intelligence and banking. We are pioneering solutions that serve the transportation industry. Through the Triumph brand, our customers gain unrivaled efficiency, transparent and secure transactions, and improved access to working capital. Through TBK Bank, we provide personal and business banking solutions that strengthen local communities and fortify our transportation business. We create value by driving businesses and communities of all sizes toward the future. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, or other employment practices on the basis of age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other basis that is prohibited by federal, state or local law. As a member of the Triumph team, you’re at the heart of an innovative, forward-thinking company that values collaboration, creativity and continuous learning. You’re not just an employee — you’re part of a team shaping the future. Being part of Triumph means striving for excellence while delivering with humility. OUR CORE VALUES Our long-standing core values are based on sound business practices and biblical principles. They flourish in our culture which helps our team members thrive, our customers succeed and our communities prosper. We commit ourselves to: Transparency Respect Invest for the future Unique is good Mission is more than money People make the difference Humility FOCUS ON SERVING OTHERS At Triumph, we strive to do the most good in the areas of greatest needs through our philanthropic endeavors. Our philanthropic vision is centered on four areas: Advocating for safety and justice Providing access to basic needs Supporting families Transforming communities Read Less