At AlixPartners, we solve the most complex and critical challenges by moving quickly from analysis to action when it really matters; creating value that has a lasting impact on companies, their people, and the communities they serve. By understanding, respecting, and honoring the needs of our employees, clients, and communities, AlixPartners actively promotes an inclusive environment. We strongly believe in the value that diversity brings to our experiences and are committed to the perpetual enhancements of initiatives, policies, and practices. We hold ourselves accountable by providing the space for authenticity, growth, and equity for everyone. AlixPartners has embraced a hybrid work model to provide flexibility and support our employees’ work-life integration. Our hybrid model combines a mix of in-person (at client site or AlixPartners office) and remote working. Travel is part of this position, but the frequency may vary based on client, team, and individual circumstances. What you’ll do Are you looking for a future that exceeds your expectations? AlixPartners, a leading global consulting firm, is searching for a Performance Improvement Director who is passionate about delivering high value, complex opportunities. Our advisory/consulting organization is distinctive - we offer our consulting professionals the opportunity to work on situations that are literally on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, as well as at the top of Board Room agendas. We work for owners, boards and CEOs and they hire AlixPartners to assist on solving their most complex, highest value opportunities. Our practice works with healthy, under-performing and distressed companies across a variety of urgent, high impact situations. Our seasoned professionals are recognized experts in their respective fields, using their skills and experience to build measurable, better outcomes for our clients. In this challenging role, you will be responsible for leading projects and client engagements, analyzing corporate performance, driving cost reductions, revenue growth and profitability improvement in your industry or functional area(s) of expertise in ‘high stakes’ situations. In this leadership role, you will work with others and be instrumental in developing and building a business in your area(s) of expertise. To be successful, you are commercially savvy, with a passion for and track record of business development contributions in a professional services environment. As part of our collaborative team, you will have the opportunity to achieve exceptional results in our high energy environment, with continuous opportunities to pursue your professional development, career interests and growth aspirations. This is a full time Director position. Relocation assistance is not available for this position. This description is not designed to encompass a comprehensive listing of required activities, duties or responsibilities. In this role, you will have the chance to create ETL workflows, scripts, statistical models, and visualizations while taking responsibility for the design, build, test, execution, and support of the data migration, cleansing, wrangling, etc. The ideal candidate will have a detailed understanding of the underlying data and data structures of multiple systems to allow in depth analysis of existing and potential data insights. Data Modeling Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Execute machine learning projects using state-of-the-art methods Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Data Manipulation Experience with common data science toolkits, such as Python, PySpark, R. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Collect data from a wide variety of corporate databases, including various SQL databases -Microsoft, Redshift, Teradata, Oracle, Netezza, etc.-, Access, Excel, plain or formatted text files, OLAP cubes –Microsoft, Oracle-, and no-SQL databases Parse data out of poorly structured XML and invalid HTML documents Use regular expressions to extract information from un-structured text documents Deal with missing data through multiple-imputation or the use of advanced models Automate boring tasks with scripts Data Organization Build effective, reliable, and robust ETL processes that govern the data ingestion flow Design database models, consistent table structures, and advanced dimensional schemas that carry out data quality and consistency standards Apply modeling approaches, business intelligence patterns, and data management techniques Understanding of cloud architectures. Some knowledge in Azure, AWS or GCP is desired Data Analysis Demonstrate advanced SQL skills, such as CTEs and window functions, to work with extensive amounts of data at various aggregation levels Review and analyze legacy code/scripts to understand data processing logic and business rules Ability to apply statistical learning languages to build predictive models that enrich, expand, and allow deeper understanding of data analyses and solutions Distributed systems knowledge, specially of HDFS and the Hadoop ecosystem Data Visualization Use interactive data visualization tools, such as Tableau and Power BI to present results in a compelling manner Ability to tell a convincing story to C-level executives using visual charts and dashboards Present complicated technical findings to a non-technical audience What you’ll need Bachelor’s degree with concentration in Computer Science, Engineering or another quantitative field 10+ years of applicable professional experience Ability to synthesize the requests received from team members at client sites Desire to actively engage in geographically dispersed teams Capability to be a creative, innovative problem solver - but using simple ideas Knowledge of any of the following languages: Python, JavaScript, C#, or similar plus familiarity with at least one ETL tool (such as Alteryx, KNIME, SSIS, Pentaho, or DataStage) Motivated to discover and learn new analytical techniques and software tools to improve the quality of our work Strong verbal and written communication skills in English. Proficiency in other languages is a plus Ability and willingness to work long hours and travel if necessary, to meet client demands Ability to work full-time in an office and remote environment; physically able to sit/stand at a computer and work in front of a computer screen for significant portions of the workday Willingness to work outside of normal U.S. business hours, and in particular as unique projects/needs arise Must become familiar with, and promote and abide by, our Core Values as defined by the AlixPartners’ Code of Conduct and foster an inclusive environment with people at all levels of an organization This description is not designed to encompass a comprehensive listing of required activities, duties, or responsibilities. AlixPartners is a results-driven global consulting firm that specializes in helping businesses successfully address their most complex and critical challenges. www.alixpartners.com AlixPartners has embraced a hybrid work model to provide flexibility and support our employees’ work-life integration. Our hybrid model combines a mix of in-person (at client site or AlixPartners office) and remote working. Travel is part of this position, but the frequency may vary based on client, team, and individual circumstances. The firm offers a comprehensive benefits program including health, vision, dental, disability, 401K, tuition reimbursement, identity theft protection, and mental wellness support. Employees will also receive a generous paid leave policy including vacation/personal time starting at 7.34 hours per pay period, sick time up to 80 hours annually, parental leave and twelve holidays.​ The salary range for this role takes into account a number of factors and is between $170,000/year - $400,000/year with eligibility for an annual discretionary bonus. AlixPartners is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a protected veteran, or disability. AlixPartners is a proud Gold award-winning Veteran Friendly Employer. This job will remain posted until April 30, 2026 It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ​#LI-Remote