Data Scientist | ML
Location
Remote/Palo Alto, CA

Employment Type
Full time

Location Type
Remote

Department
Data Science

Overview
Application
Machinify is a leading healthcare intelligence company with expertise across the payment continuum, delivering unmatched value, transparency, and efficiency to health plan clients across the country. Deployed by over 60 health plans, including many of the top 20, and representing more than 160 million lives, Machinify brings together a fully configurable and content-rich, AI-powered platform along with best-in-class expertise. We’re constantly reimagining what’s possible in our industry, creating disruptively simple, powerfully clear ways to maximize financial outcomes and drive down healthcare costs.

Machinify builds machine learning models for some of the largest health plans in the country to identify nearly $1B in erroneous healthcare payments. Our customers receive tens of millions of claims each year, many of which are billed with mistakes or fraud. Our production models detect and stop those errors on a daily basis, resulting in measurable healthcare savings that significantly outperform industry standards. Machinify has already had a huge impact as a small company, and we are growing quickly!

We are looking for a Data Scientist | ML for our "Pay" team (claims payments product) to advance our models further. In addition to building best-in-class models, this person will create technical frameworks and tools to help the team achieve greater scale and improved business outcomes.

What You’ll Do:

Master understanding of various claims payment policies and healthcare concepts.

Build and improve the models by thoughtfully curating data and creating features.

Precisely measure and improve model performance against real-world outcomes. Make operational recommendations to the customer to optimize model results. 

Interpret and refine large-scale data created by complex business workflows.

Advance the team’s capabilities by improving pipelines, infrastructure, and tools.

What You’ll Bring:

Several years of experience solving real-world business problems with data and ML modeling

Proven ability to make team-level contributions and develop frameworks and tools to improve the work of many

Able to build a high-level, strategic work plan while keeping attention to detail

Experience precisely measuring and optimizing the business impact of your work

Experience handling large-scale, complex data which may not be clean or well-defined

Experience writing production-quality code (i.e. building pipelines, productionizing models) and overcoming practical challenges to deploy a model

Deep curiosity about healthcare

Equal Employment Opportunity at Machinify

Machinify is committed to hiring talented and qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds for all of its positions. Machinify believes that the gathering and celebration of unique backgrounds, qualities, and cultures enriches the workplace. 

See our Candidate Privacy Notice at: https://www.machinify.com/candidate-privacy-notice/