Senior Data Scientist (Remote) Overview: As a Senior Data Scientist at Weedmaps, you will shape the future of people-facing and business-facing products we build across our entire family of applications. By applying your technical skills, analytical mindset, and product intuition to our rich and unique data sets, you will help define the experiences we build for millions of cannabis consumers, businesses, and brands. You will collaborate on a wide array of product and business problems with a diverse set of cross-functional partners across Product, Engineering, Marketing, Sales, Finance and others. You will use data and models to identify and solve problems facing all facets of our business. You will uncover insights and recommendations that shape product development, quantify new opportunities, identify upcoming challenges, and ensure the products we build bring value to people, businesses, and Weedmaps. You will help your partner teams prioritize what to build, set goals, and understand their product’s ecosystem. You will develop hypotheses and employ a diverse toolkit of rigorous analytical approaches, methodologies, and frameworks to test them. You won’t simply present data, but tell data-driven stories. You will convince and influence your partners using clear insights and recommendations. In addition to uncovering novel insights and actionable recommendations in data, you will also partner with the ML team to build and deploy production models and applications to improve our products, processes, and experiences. The impact you'll make: Work with large, messy, and complex data sets to solve a wide array of challenging problems using different analytical, statistical, ML, and AI approaches. Collaborate with Data and Analytic Engineers to improve the quality and usability of our data and generate reusable assets in our feature store. Apply technical expertise with quantitative analysis, experimentation, causal inference, and the presentation of data to develop strategies for our products that serve billions of people and hundreds of millions of businesses. Define, understand, and test opportunities and levers to improve the product, and drive roadmaps through your insights and recommendations. Partner with Product, Engineering, and cross-functional teams to inform, influence, support, and execute product and business strategy. Build and deploy interactive applications to enable business partners to answer questions. Develop, deploy, and maintain AI/ML models in production with support from the ML team. What you've accomplished: Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience A minimum of 6 years of work experience in data science and analytics Expert coding skills in Python and SQL, plus deep familiarity with Git and CI/CD practices Exceptional data visualization and storytelling skills Experience deploying and maintaining ML models in production environments Bonus points: Experience with dbt and/or jinja for building performant data models Experience building recommender systems or other personalization tooling at scale Familiarity with Spark, dask, or other big data manipulation tools Experience building and deploying Streamlit applications Experience working with event tracking data (Segment, Amplitude, etc.) and/or building user journey insights Familiarity with the AWS stack, including Sagemaker and Bedrock The base pay range for this position is $178,313.00 - $199,200.00 per year 2026 US Benefits for Full Time, Regular Employees: Physical Health (Medical, Dental & Vision) 100% employer-paid premium for employees Up to 80% coverage for dependents Company HSA contribution with the High Deductible Health Plan 401(k) Retirement Plan (employer will match contribution up to 3.5% of employee contribution) Basic Life, Voluntary Life and AD&D Insurance options Supplemental, voluntary benefits Student Loan Repayment/529 Education Savings with a monthly company contribution FSA (Medical, Dependent, Transit and Parking) Voluntary Life and AD&D Insurance Critical Illness Insurance Accident Insurance Short- and Long-term Disability Insurance Pet Insurance Identity theft protection Legal access to a network of attorneys PTO, paid sick leave, and company holidays (including a 2026 holiday shutdown) Paid parental leave Why Work at Weedmaps? Life at Weedmaps means innovation and heart. Come join us if you care about the plant, the people who love it, and are ready to let your talent shine. We foster a bustling and collaborative culture that revolves around an environment that focuses on the benefits of weed, and the community that supports it. You too can have a hand in shaping the industry’s future; ready to roll with us? See how we’ve grown—our journey, leadership team, and what’s next at Weedmaps.com/corporate About Weedmaps: Founded in 2008, we’ve grown from a small startup to a global leader in the cannabis industry. Our dedication to transparency, education, and community has set us apart, and today, we proudly serve cannabis to consumers and businesses in the U.S. and worldwide. “Freedom to choose. Freedom to access. Freedom to enjoy.” Notice to prospective Weedmaps job applicants: Our team has been made aware of incidents involving LinkedIn, Telegram, and Facebook accounts impersonating Weedmaps recruiters. These individuals are attempting to use our company name to solicit payment from prospective candidates interested in applying for jobs at our company. Our team is actively working to combat these attempts, but in the meantime, please be mindful of the following: Our recruiters will always communicate with candidates through an @weedmaps.com email address. CORRECT: jlebowski@weedmaps.com INCORRECT: jlebowski@gmail.com Our recruiters will NEVER ask for or attempt to solicit payment from applicants in order to apply, interview, or work for Weedmaps. If you are interested in a role at Weedmaps, please apply through our established channels. Weedmaps Careers Page or LinkedIn If you are unsure if a communication is legitimate, please contact our recruitment team at talentops@weedmaps.com and they will happily confirm for you. Thank you for your vigilance and we appreciate your interest in working with us! Weedmaps is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. The Company prohibits unlawful discrimination against employees or applicants based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion and religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, military status, veteran status, uniformed service member status, sexual orientation, transgender identity, citizenship status, pregnancy, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits unlawful discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. Our company uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify. Applicants are entitled to reasonable accommodations under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state/local laws, unless the accommodation presents undue hardship. Please email us at peopleoperations at weedmaps.com if you would like to confidentially discuss a potential accommodation during the interview process.