Engineering Manager, Machine Learning
Location
Anywhere - Remote

Employment Type
Full time

Location Type
Remote

Department
Technology
Machine Learning

Compensation
USA Range $216,750 – $255,000 • Offers Equity
Actual compensation for roles will vary based on factors including the candidate's location, skills, qualifications, and experience.

Please note that compensation listed for U.S. based roles applies only to candidates working in the United States. Candidates hired outside the U.S. will receive regionally adjusted compensation.

Overview
Application
Dandy is transforming the massive and antiquated dental industry—an industry worth over $200B. Backed by some of the world’s leading venture capital firms, we’re on an ambitious mission to simplify and modernize every function of the dental practice through technology. As we expand our reach globally, Dandy is building the operating system for dental offices around the world—empowering clinicians and their teams with technology, innovation, and world-class support to achieve more for their practices, their people, and their patients.

About the Role
In the past 3 years, Dandy has built the leading digital-first custom dental appliance manufacturer. As we scale to our next level of growth, we are establishing a world-class Machine Learning & Computer Vision team to enhance our 3D dental platform and automate many of the human-driven processes in our manufacturing today.

We are seeking an Engineering Manager - Computer Vision / Machine Learning to lead a team of Computer Vision / Machine Learning Engineers. You will play a key role in laying the foundation that will drive the team’s success—establishing best practices, solving ambiguous data problems with industry-wide impact, and fostering a culture of innovation.

What You'll Do
Lead execution of the ML roadmap, managing a team focused on 3D deep learning and computer vision.

Partner with product, engineering, and research stakeholders to align and execute technical strategy with business goals.

Lead and grow a high-performing team of ML scientists, engineers, and researchers.

Drive the development of computer vision models to extract structure from unstructured, information-dense 3D scans.

Research and implement state-of-the-art methods for developing models to accomplish 3D generative AI tasks as well as conventional computer vision tasks.

Collaborate with product and research teams to identify opportunities for improvement in our current product line and for enabling upcoming product lines.

Manage large-scale datasets to develop both generic models as well as fine-tune models for specific applications.

Develop evaluation methods to establish confidence in our datasets and models.

Implement best practices for our MLOps pipelines, ensuring robust and scalable deployment of models.

What We're Looking For
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or a related field with a strong focus on computer vision or machine learning.

Extensive experience in SOTA 2D deep learning and/or experience with 3D deep learning

6+ years (or 5 years + PhD) of industry experience in applied machine learning, with at least 1 year in a leadership or management role.

Strong people management skills with a track record of team development, mentorship, and retention.

Demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional efforts across product, engineering, research, and operations.

Strong coding skills in Python and experience with ML frameworks like PyTorch

Experience working with 3D data (point clouds, meshes, depth maps, volumetric data) and 3D ML frameworks is preferred

Job ID: J-936

For full-time positions, Dandy offers a wide range of best-in-class, comprehensive, and inclusive benefits tailored to each country where we operate. Our local benefits packages typically include healthcare, dental, mental health support, parental planning resources, retirement savings options, and generous paid time off—ensuring our team members are supported no matter where they live and work.

Dandy is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive culture that celebrates authenticity to win as one. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, citizenship or immigration status, or any other legally protected characteristics.

Dandy also fully complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). We are dedicated to embracing challenges and creating an accessible, inclusive workplace for all individuals. If you require any accommodations for your interview or have any questions beforehand, rest assured that we will do everything we can to meet your needs. Visit Dandy Careers for more!

Data Privacy Notice: By submitting your application, you consent to Dandy collecting, storing, and processing your personal information for recruitment purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy and GDPR regulations. You have the right to access, rectify, or request the deletion of your data at any time by contacting Privacy Requests.